Welcome to Governance, Risk,
and Compliance for Cybersecurity.
My name is Sean Pike and I'll be your instructor.
I'm really happy that you could join us
and I'm excited about the content we'll be sharing.
Now just so you know me a little better,
I've practiced Cybersecurity for about 20 years,
and most of that has been in some form of highly regulated industry,
from healthcare to financial services,
to publicly traded companies.
That's where I learned the value of GRC.
The beginning of my career coincided with
so many important regulatory events that I was forced
to understand the relationship between IT
and outside influences like regulation and risk management.
In fact, I became so focused on harmonizing
IT and IT security with those external forces,
that I helped to create an IT audit firm,
some GRC software, and then I pursued some higher education opportunities.
I'm also an attorney,
admitted to practice in the state of Maryland,
and I have a Master's Degree in Telecommunications.
But all of that really done in the pursuit of assisting
organizations in developing mature Cybersecurity and GRC practices.